tape state: abc state: q1 read: a rule:  next state: q2 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  bc state: q2 read: b rule:  next state: q3 write: x move: Right
tape state:  xc state: q3 read: c rule:  next state: q4 write: x move: Right
tape state:  xx  state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
tape state:  xx   state: q5 read: _ rule:  next state: q4 write: _ move: Left
tape state:  xx   state: q4 read: _ rule:  next state: q5 write: _ move: Right
Execution stoped by user